= SoloLzarn Python3 =

== 1. Basic Concepts ==
- Module 1: 

=== 1. What is Python ===
- Cpython, Python 3.x
- An interpreter is a program that runs scripts written in an interpreted language such as Python.
		 
=== 2. Your First Program ===
{{{python
print ('Hello World!')
}}}
 
=== 3. Simple Operation ===
- `+` addition; `-` subtraction; `*` Multiplication; `/` Division (*float*);
- In Python, the last line of an error message indicates the error's type.
{{{python
11/0
'ZeroDivisionError: division by Zero'
}}}

=== 4. Floats ===
- A float is also produced by running an operation on two floats, or on a float and an integer.
  
=== 5. Other Numerical Operation ===
- Exponential 
{{{python
2**5 
 32
9**(1/2)
 3
}}}
- Quotient & Remainder
- To determine the *quotient* and *remainder* of a division, 
use the *floor division* `//` and *modulo* `%` operators, respectively.
{{{python
20//6
 3
1.25 % 0.5
0.25
}}}

=== 6. Siring Operations ===
- Two single or double quotation marks `'` `"`
- Backslash can be used to escape `\'` `\"`
- Multiline string use `\n` or `'''` or `"""`

=== 7. Sample Input & Output ===
- for Output `print("Hello\nWorld!")`
- for Input `input("Enter Something please: ")`
  - The function returns what they enter as a string (with the contents automatically escaped)  

=== 8. String Operations ===
- Concatenation 
  {{{python
  print ("First string"+','+'Second string')
  }}}
- Adding string to a number produces error `1 + '2'`
- use `*` to repeat print.
  {{{python
  print ("spam"*3)
  }}}
- we must use whole no and not decimals `'eggs' * 7.5` will give error

=== 9. Type Conversion ===
- integers `int`; floats `float`; and strings `stg`

=== 10. Variables ===
- Python variable names are case sensitive. Only letters, numbers, and underscores allowed 
  and they can't start with numbers. Use `del` to remove a variable. 

=== 11. In-Place Operators ===
- `x = x + 3` => `x += 3` same is possible for `-,*,/ and %` as well.
 
12. Using an Editor
- IDLE *Ctrl+N*: New File; *Ctrl+S*: Save File; *F5* Runs the complete Code

== Control Structures ==
=== Booleans & Compariosons ===

